README.md, before:

# Bookshelf/My Library  
### A Digital Bookshelf and Book Reviewer
My Library will allow the user to create Bookshelves, which are collections of Books. Books will be pulled in using data from the [Google Books API](https://developers.google.com/books/docs/overview). The user will also be able to review Books. A review contains a 1-5 star rating and a text review.

[Trello Board](https://trello.com/invite/b/H3GOBYxd/ATTIadca3da94bc344c05615cc151731b4c102FF4BC2/user-stories-books)

[Project 2 Requirements](https://git.generalassemb.ly/SEIR-Boston/project-2)

## Section 2: Screenshots:

### App Screenshots  
None yet


### Wireframes    

#### Wireframe of Landing Page
![Wireframe of Landing Page](Planning/Wireframes/Landing.jpg)

#### Wireframe of Home Page
![Wireframe of Home Page](Planning/Wireframes/Home.jpg)

#### Wireframe of Bookshelf Page
![Wireframe of Bookshelf Page](Planning/Wireframes/Bookshelf.jpg)

#### Wireframe of Book Details Page 
![Wireframe of Book Details Page](Planning/Wireframes/Book_Details.jpg)

#### Wireframe of Review Details Page 
![Wireframe of Review Details Page](Planning/Wireframes/Review_Details.jpg)

#### ERD Diagram
![ERD Diagram](Planning/ERD_Diagram/Project_2_ERD.jpeg)

## Section 3: Technologies Used 

 - HTML
 - CSS
 - Javascript
 - Express
 - NodeJS
 - Green Sock (GSAP)
 - Google Books API
 - Mongoose
 - MongoDB


## Section 4: Getting Started  

In this section include the link to your deployed app and any instructions you deem important:


## Section 5: Next Steps

Planned future enhancements (icebox items).
 - Copy books from one bookshelf to another
 - New and trending books on my homepage
 - Formatted Book Reviews

Commit message:

Bookshelf details page now correctly displays books. Books are now added to a bookshelf when added to the library.

README.md, after:

# Bookshelf/My Library  
### A Digital Bookshelf and Book Reviewer
My Library will allow the user to create Bookshelves, which are collections of Books. Books will be pulled in using data from the [Google Books API](https://developers.google.com/books/docs/overview). The user will also be able to review Books. A review contains a 1-5 star rating and a text review.

[Trello Board](https://trello.com/invite/b/H3GOBYxd/ATTIadca3da94bc344c05615cc151731b4c102FF4BC2/user-stories-books)

[Project 2 Requirements](https://git.generalassemb.ly/SEIR-Boston/project-2)

## Section 2: Screenshots:

### App Screenshots  
None yet


### Wireframes    

#### Wireframe of Landing Page
![Wireframe of Landing Page](Planning/Wireframes/Landing.jpg)

#### Wireframe of Home Page
![Wireframe of Home Page](Planning/Wireframes/Home.jpg)

#### Wireframe of Bookshelf Page
![Wireframe of Bookshelf Page](Planning/Wireframes/Bookshelf.jpg)

#### Wireframe of Book Details Page 
![Wireframe of Book Details Page](Planning/Wireframes/Book_Details.jpg)

#### Wireframe of Review Details Page 
![Wireframe of Review Details Page](Planning/Wireframes/Review_Details.jpg)

#### ERD Diagram
![ERD Diagram](Planning/ERD_Diagram/Project_2_ERD.jpeg)

## Section 3: Technologies Used 

 - HTML
 - CSS
 - Javascript
 - Express
 - NodeJS
 - Green Sock (GSAP)
 - Google Books API
 - Mongoose
 - MongoDB


## Section 4: Getting Started  
myLibrary uses the Google Book API to search for books and add them to your digital library. Click on "Search" in the top nav, 
#### ERD Diagram
![ERD Diagram](Planning/ERD_Diagram/Project_2_ERD.jpeg)

#### ERD Diagram
![ERD Diagram](Planning/ERD_Diagram/Project_2_ERD.jpeg)

#### ERD Diagram
![ERD Diagram](Planning/ERD_Diagram/Project_2_ERD.jpeg)

## Section 5: Next Steps

Planned future enhancements (icebox items).
 - Copy books from one bookshelf to another
 - New and trending books on my homepage
 - Formatted Book Reviews
